README.markdown, before:

# Terasology

[![Gitpod Ready-to-Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-ready--to--code-blue?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology)
[![Build Status](http://jenkins.terasology.org/job/Terasology/badge/icon)](http://jenkins.terasology.org/job/Terasology/)
[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/MovingBlocks/Terasology.svg)](../../releases/latest)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/MovingBlocks/Terasology/total.svg "Downloads")](../../releases/latest)
[![Bounties](https://img.shields.io/bountysource/team/MovingBlocks/activity.svg)](https://www.bountysource.com/teams/MovingBlocks)
[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/MovingBlocks/Terasology.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/MovingBlocks/Terasology/alerts/)
[![Language grade: Java](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/java/g/MovingBlocks/Terasology.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/MovingBlocks/Terasology/context:java)
[![License(code)](https://img.shields.io/badge/license(code)-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
[![License(art)](https://img.shields.io/badge/license(art)-CC%20BY%204.0-blue.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/270264625419911192.svg?label=discord)](http://discord.gg/Terasology)
[![IRC Channel](https://img.shields.io/badge/irc-%23terasology-blue.svg "IRC (Outdated)")](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=terasology)

Welcome!

The Terasology project was born from a Minecraft-inspired tech demo and is becoming a stable platform for various types of gameplay settings in a voxel world.

The [creators and maintainers](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology/blob/develop/docs/Credits.md) are a diverse mix of software developers, designers, game testers, graphic artists, and musicians. We encourage others to join!

Terasology is fully [open source](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology) and licensed [Apache 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html) for code and [CC BY 4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) for artwork (unless indicated otherwise - see [credits](docs/Credits.md) for minor exceptions.)

We encourage contributions from anybody and try to keep a warm and friendly community and maintain a [code of conduct](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology/blob/develop/docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

![Terasology](/docs/images/menuBackground.jpg "Terasology")


## Playing

Make sure that your graphics card driver is up to date.

For easy game setup (recommended) you can use our launcher - [download it here.](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/TerasologyLauncher/releases)

For more information about playing, like hot keys or server hosting, see the [dedicated page](docs/Playing.md) or check out the [modules.](docs/Modules.md)


#### Alternate Install Method

If you know you already have a Java Runtime Environment installed, you may use a direct download release as an alternative to using the [launcher](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/TerasologyLauncher/releases). Java versions 8 and 11 are supported.

Direct download stable builds are uploaded to [our release section here on GitHub](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology/releases) while the cutting-edge develop version can be downloaded direct [here from our Jenkins](http://jenkins.terasology.org/job/DistroOmega/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/distros/omega/build/distributions/TerasologyOmega.zip)


## Developing

We have gone to great lengths to make developing and modding Terasology as easy as possible. We use Gradle to automate just about everything. As long as you have a [Java 8 SDK](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html) running from source is a two step process:

* Using IntelliJ IDEA, [configure](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/sdk.html) a JDK named "11"
* Clone the code or download a zip.
* Run `TerasologyPC` in your IDEA's run configuration

That's really it! If you want the project set up in [IntelliJ](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/download/) (our favored IDE) you run `gradlew idea` then load the generated project config. Then you get a bunch of run configurations and other stuff for free!

For more on developing/modding see the [wiki!](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology/wiki)


## Links

* [Game Credits](docs/Credits.md)
* [Code of Conduct](docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
* [Playing](docs/Playing.md)
* [Modules](docs/Modules.md)
* [Developing](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology/wiki)
* [Community Portal](http://forum.terasology.org)
* [Reddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/Terasology)
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Terasology)
* [Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/pages/Terasology/248329655219905)
* [Discord](https://discord.gg/4uKbB8J)

Commit message:

fix(docs): replace some develop instructions with links to the wiki.
Duplicated information was becoming out-of-date.

README.markdown, after:

# Terasology

[![Gitpod Ready-to-Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-ready--to--code-blue?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology)
[![Build Status](http://jenkins.terasology.org/job/Terasology/badge/icon)](http://jenkins.terasology.org/job/Terasology/)
[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/MovingBlocks/Terasology.svg)](../../releases/latest)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/MovingBlocks/Terasology/total.svg "Downloads")](../../releases/latest)
[![Bounties](https://img.shields.io/bountysource/team/MovingBlocks/activity.svg)](https://www.bountysource.com/teams/MovingBlocks)
[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/MovingBlocks/Terasology.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/MovingBlocks/Terasology/alerts/)
[![Language grade: Java](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/java/g/MovingBlocks/Terasology.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/MovingBlocks/Terasology/context:java)
[![License(code)](https://img.shields.io/badge/license(code)-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
[![License(art)](https://img.shields.io/badge/license(art)-CC%20BY%204.0-blue.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/270264625419911192.svg?label=discord)](http://discord.gg/Terasology)
[![IRC Channel](https://img.shields.io/badge/irc-%23terasology-blue.svg "IRC (Outdated)")](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=terasology)

Welcome!

The Terasology project was born from a Minecraft-inspired tech demo and is becoming a stable platform for various types of gameplay settings in a voxel world.

The [creators and maintainers](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology/blob/develop/docs/Credits.md) are a diverse mix of software developers, designers, game testers, graphic artists, and musicians. We encourage others to join!

Terasology is fully [open source](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology) and licensed [Apache 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html) for code and [CC BY 4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) for artwork (unless indicated otherwise - see [credits](docs/Credits.md) for minor exceptions.)

We encourage contributions from anybody and try to keep a warm and friendly community and maintain a [code of conduct](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology/blob/develop/docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

![Terasology](/docs/images/menuBackground.jpg "Terasology")


## Playing

Make sure that your graphics card driver is up to date.

For easy game setup (recommended) you can use our launcher - [download it here.](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/TerasologyLauncher/releases)

For more information about playing, like hot keys or server hosting, see the [dedicated page](docs/Playing.md) or check out the [modules.](docs/Modules.md)


#### Alternate Install Method

If you know you already have a Java Runtime Environment installed, you may use a direct download release as an alternative to using the [launcher](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/TerasologyLauncher/releases). Java versions 8 and 11 are supported.

Direct download stable builds are uploaded to [our release section here on GitHub](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology/releases) while the cutting-edge develop version can be downloaded direct [here from our Jenkins](http://jenkins.terasology.org/job/DistroOmega/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/distros/omega/build/distributions/TerasologyOmega.zip)


## Developing

We strive to make developing and modding Terasology as easy as possible.  See our wiki for instructions on [setting up a development environment](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology/wiki/Dev-Setup) and how to [develop modules](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology/wiki/Developing-Modules).


## Links

* [Game Credits](docs/Credits.md)
* [Code of Conduct](docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
* [Playing](docs/Playing.md)
* [Modules](docs/Modules.md)
* [Developing](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology/wiki)
* [Community Portal](http://forum.terasology.org)
* [Reddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/Terasology)
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Terasology)
* [Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/pages/Terasology/248329655219905)
* [Discord](https://discord.gg/4uKbB8J)
